docs: Introduce Jodoo contributing guide (#87)
jobrad-gmbh/odoo: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: **suggestion:**
Previous content (from Odoo) in this file can be deleted

Author: I agree, just kept it for reference. I'll remove it now

# Contributing to JobRad Odoo

We modify our base Odoo fork only when necessary (e.g. migration, security patches, critical fixes).

**Branching:**

|           Branch            | Purpose                                                                                                                                                       |
|:---------------------------:|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|        `jobrad-15.0`        | • Main branch, reflects production state.<br/>• Hotfixes and urgent patches target `jobrad-15.0` directly.                                                    |

> | `jobrad-15.0-dev` (planned) | • Development branch for changes targeting the next major release.<br/>• Merged into `jobrad-15.0` before major releases if there are Odoo changes to deploy. |

Reviewer: **suggestion:**

```suggestion
|        `jobrad-15.0`        | • Main branch, reflects production state.<br/>• Hotfixes and urgent patches target `jobrad-15.0` directly.                                                    |
| `jobrad-15.0-develop` | • Development branch for changes targeting the next major release.<br/>• Merged into `jobrad-15.0` before major releases if there are Odoo changes to deploy. |
```

It would be good to also mention that `jobrad-15.0-develop` is now the default branch.
